Add proxy subscription to proxy entity definition (#2203)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.17/reference/entities.md

{{< /language-toggle >}}

> _**NOTE**: The proxy entity definition must include the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent to work with round robin scheduling **and** response filter labels. If more than one sensu-agent will execute a proxy check and you did not configure the proxy entity with the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent, the proxy check will fail to run._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**NOTE**: The proxy entity definition must include the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent to work with round robin scheduling **and** [proxy requests attributes][24] . If more than one sensu-agent will execute a proxy check and you did not configure the proxy entity with the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent, the sensu-backend will log an error and the proxy check will not be scheduled for agents to run._
```

subscriptions| 
-------------|------ 

> description  | List of subscription names for the entity. The entity by default has an entity-specific subscription, in the format of `entity:{name}` where `name` is the entity's hostname. If you are using round robin scheduling **and** response filter labels with a proxy entity, the proxy entity definition must include the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | List of subscription names for the entity. The entity by default has an entity-specific subscription, in the format of `entity:{name}` where `name` is the entity's hostname. If you are using round robin scheduling **and** [proxy requests attributes][24], the proxy entity definition must include the same subscriptions as the sensu-agent.
```
